README.md, before:

# Stan TV Coding Challenge

> Welcome to the Stan TV Coding Challenge!

## Overview

The purpose of this challenge is to assess your knowledge around composing a **simple React/Typescript single-page application** closely following the guidelines and requirements.

This challenge is expected to take around 4-6 hours.

## Guidelines

- The application should be built using [Babel](https://www.babeljs.io) along with [webpack](https://webpack.js.org) into a `dist` folder containing four files (`app.js`, `styles.css`, `logo.svg` and `index.html`).
- Your solution should be implemented using:
  - [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
  - [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
  - [Redux](https://redux.js.org) (optional)
  - [Styled Components](https://www.styledcomponents.com) (optional)
  - [React Router](https://www.reactrouter.com) (optional)
- You should avoid using any other JS/CSS frameworks/libraries.
- The application should be responsive and support both 720p and 1080p screen sizes.
- All text should be rendered using the "Open Sans" font.
- We are looking for solutions that are **simple, modern, performant, and tested**

## Requirements

You will need to build the following 2 pages with React:

- A "Home" page ([home.jpg](./home.jpg))
- A "Program" page ([program.jpg](./program.jpg))

### "Home" Page

- This page should consist of the layout along with a **simple and reusable** carousel.
- The provided sample data ([data.json](./data.json)) should be retrieved using the fetch API.
- Each item in the carousel should link to a "Program" page.
- Navigation between items in the carousel should be handled using the `left`, `right` and `enter` keyboard keys.
- No more than six carousel items should be in the DOM at any time.
- When the UI is in a loading state render a skeleton. ([home-loading.jpg](./home-loading.jpg)).
- When an error occurs an error message message should be rendered. ([error.jpg](./error.jpg))

### "Program" Page

- This page should consist of the layout along with a program overview.
- The program to display should be determined by the ID.
- You should only fetch the provided sample data if the "Home" page has not been visited first.
- Pressing the `backspace` keyboard key should take you back to the "Home" page.
- When the UI is in a loading state render a skeleton. ([program-loading.jpg](./program-loading.jpg)).
- When an error occurs an error message message should be rendered. ([error.jpg](./error.jpg))

## Other Notes

Please also include a `README` with setup instructions, and any tests or other documentation you created as part of your solution.

Also, add the following info to your `README`:

- How did you decide on the technical and architectural choices used as part of your solution?
- Are there any improvements you could make to your submission?
- What would you do differently if you were allocated more time?

Please also send through any other code or projects that you're proud of and would like to share with us.

Any feedback on the coding challenge once you're done is also appreciated!


###

Commit message:

added tests, updates to features

README.md, after:

# Stan TV Coding Challenge

> Welcome to the Stan TV Coding Challenge!

## Overview

The purpose of this challenge is to assess your knowledge around composing a **simple React/Typescript single-page application** closely following the guidelines and requirements.

This challenge is expected to take around 4-6 hours.

## Guidelines

- The application should be built using [Babel](https://www.babeljs.io) along with [webpack](https://webpack.js.org) into a `dist` folder containing four files (`app.js`, `styles.css`, `logo.svg` and `index.html`).
- Your solution should be implemented using:
  - [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
  - [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
  - [Redux](https://redux.js.org) (optional)
  - [Styled Components](https://www.styledcomponents.com) (optional)
  - [React Router](https://www.reactrouter.com) (optional)
- You should avoid using any other JS/CSS frameworks/libraries.
- The application should be responsive and support both 720p and 1080p screen sizes.
- All text should be rendered using the "Open Sans" font.
- We are looking for solutions that are **simple, modern, performant, and tested**

## Requirements

You will need to build the following 2 pages with React:

- A "Home" page ([home.jpg](./home.jpg))
- A "Program" page ([program.jpg](./program.jpg))

### "Home" Page

- This page should consist of the layout along with a **simple and reusable** carousel.
- The provided sample data ([data.json](./data.json)) should be retrieved using the fetch API.
- Each item in the carousel should link to a "Program" page.
- Navigation between items in the carousel should be handled using the `left`, `right` and `enter` keyboard keys.
- No more than six carousel items should be in the DOM at any time.
- When the UI is in a loading state render a skeleton. ([home-loading.jpg](./home-loading.jpg)).
- When an error occurs an error message message should be rendered. ([error.jpg](./error.jpg))

### "Program" Page

- This page should consist of the layout along with a program overview.
- The program to display should be determined by the ID.
- You should only fetch the provided sample data if the "Home" page has not been visited first.
- Pressing the `backspace` keyboard key should take you back to the "Home" page.
- When the UI is in a loading state render a skeleton. ([program-loading.jpg](./program-loading.jpg)).
- When an error occurs an error message message should be rendered. ([error.jpg](./error.jpg))

## Other Notes

Please also include a `README` with setup instructions, and any tests or other documentation you created as part of your solution.

Also, add the following info to your `README`:

- How did you decide on the technical and architectural choices used as part of your solution?
- Are there any improvements you could make to your submission?
- What would you do differently if you were allocated more time?

Please also send through any other code or projects that you're proud of and would like to share with us.

Any feedback on the coding challenge once you're done is also appreciated!

### SetUp Instructions
The Project is built React and typescript and styled component.
you need to first install the dependencies via `yarn install`.
Post the dependencies installation, you can start the application via `yarn start`
To execute the tests run `yarn test`
